README.md, before:

# RowanCrooked9

Collection of manually constructed test cases for [GemTalk/Rowan project](https://github.com/GemTalk/Rowan). 

These are disk structure inconsistencies that have been introduced by mistakes during `git merge` or by manual manipulation of the files and directories.

## Summary of Crooked Specs

### [spec_0001](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0001)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#828.

Manually modified package structure from [RowanSample9:spec_0014](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanSample9/tree/spec_0014) to duplicate an inconsistency introduced during a code merge. 

### [spec_0002](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0002)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#816.

Generated spec_0002.gs ignoring RowanSample9-Extension1 package (which duplicates method in RowanSampl9-Extensions).

Then using issue_816.solo script, load spec_0002.gs and then attempt to adopt the RowanSample9 project which reproduces GemTalk/Rowan#816.

### [spec_0003](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0003)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#820. Part 1.

### [spec_0004](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0004)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#820.Part 2.

### [spec_0005](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0005)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Duplicate class definition error in a filetree repo

### [spec_0006](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0006)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Duplicate method definition error in a tonel repo

### [spec_0007](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0007)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Produces "Encountered an existing association for a new class RowanSample9V3Class1" for filetree.

Duplicate class definition error in a filetree repo

### [spec_0008](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0008)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Duplicate class definition error in a tonel repo

### [spec_0009](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0009)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Invalid class category error in a filetree repo

### [spec_0010](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0010)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Start with spec_0007 and remove the extra package and add a duplicate class definition directory for filetree.


When generating packages from the extensions.gs, the class and method categories should be automatically adjusted to fit the package convention RowanHybrid, Monticello or Rowan.

Commit message:

add entry for spec_0011 (GemTalk/Rowan#920)

README.md, after:

# RowanCrooked9

Collection of manually constructed test cases for [GemTalk/Rowan project](https://github.com/GemTalk/Rowan). 

These are disk structure inconsistencies that have been introduced by mistakes during `git merge` or by manual manipulation of the files and directories.

## Summary of Crooked Specs

### [spec_0001](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0001)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#828.

Manually modified package structure from [RowanSample9:spec_0014](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanSample9/tree/spec_0014) to duplicate an inconsistency introduced during a code merge. 

### [spec_0002](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0002)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#816.

Generated spec_0002.gs ignoring RowanSample9-Extension1 package (which duplicates method in RowanSampl9-Extensions).

Then using issue_816.solo script, load spec_0002.gs and then attempt to adopt the RowanSample9 project which reproduces GemTalk/Rowan#816.

### [spec_0003](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0003)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#820. Part 1.

When generating packages from the extensions.gs, the class and method categories should be automatically adjusted to fit the package convention RowanHybrid, Monticello or Rowan.

### [spec_0004](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0004)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#820.Part 2.

### [spec_0005](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0005)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Duplicate class definition error in a filetree repo

### [spec_0006](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0006)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Duplicate method definition error in a tonel repo

### [spec_0007](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0007)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Produces "Encountered an existing association for a new class RowanSample9V3Class1" for filetree.

Duplicate class definition error in a filetree repo

### [spec_0008](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0008)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Duplicate class definition error in a tonel repo

### [spec_0009](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0009)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Invalid class category error in a filetree repo

### [spec_0010](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0010)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#896. Start with spec_0007 and remove the extra package and add a duplicate class definition directory for filetree.

### [spec_0011](https://github.com/dalehenrich/RowanCrooked9/tree/spec_0011)
Test case for GemTalk/Rowan#920. Start with spec_0005 and manually edit to create case insensitive filename methods as written by GsDevKit filetree.
